---
layout: post
date_time: "2022/02/19"
description: "Musings on why money is intrinsically worthless and what the word \"fiat\" means."
title: "Money is worthless!"
show: true
isSpecial: false
tags: "crypto fiat money philosophy ethereum"
---

## Preamble

A while back, I was musing on the nature of crypto and why I like it so much. This led me to the conclusion that I like crypto's idea, albeit the actual implementation of the thing being flawed. Why these musings? What am I on about? Simple! I'm philosophising on the nature of money and the things it represents.

## What is money?

Way back, when humans were still dwelling in wet, clammy caves, they didn't have a way of exchanging goods in a way that was easy and efficient. Instead, they bartered one type of good for another type of good. So, if caveman A wanted some fish but only had elephant tusks with him, he went to the caveman with the fish and asked that man, whether that man wanted some tusks in exchange for some fish. If the fisher was a pleasant  fellow, he would agree to this trade. I'm assuming, for the sake of argument, that this was the case. So! Caveman A now has some juicy fish for supper. But what would he do in other scenarios?  What if the fisherman didn't need tusks but maybe furs instead? Aside from this obvious drawback, one also cannot carry around kilos and kilos of elephant tusks! Think of the poor elephants!

Enter "money". Humans quickly realised these obvious problems and introduced currencies. These currencies were often coins forged from precious metals. Instead of one person giving another person tusks for some fish, the fisherman could just say one fish costs a certain amount of coins. The guy with tusks could give someone else his tusks and get silver coins for them. With these coins he can then go to the fisherman and give him how many ever coins he demands for one of his fish. The amount of coins is the *price* of a fish. While these coins made it easier to conduct transactions, they also had their problems. For example, if the tusk merchant had a lot of tusks to sell, he would soon gain an enormous amount of coins. Now silver is heavy and he cannot possibly carry all of these heavy coins on his person at all times. Enter "fiat" money.

## What does the word "fiat" mean and how does it relate to money?

The word "fiat" comes from the Latin word *facere*, which means something like *to do*. *Fiat* is the active Present Subjunctive of *facere*. Translated, *fiat* means *"it shall be done"*. Sounds like a promise, right? That is exactly what the Euro, the Dollar, and all other currencies, issued by central banks, are. They are promises. But promises of what? Back to our tusk merchant: Because his back hurts and he is tired of lugging around kilos and kilos of silver coins, he goes to a central bank. He tells them of his plight and asks them what they suggest he do. They tell him that they'll keep his silver coins in a vault in the basement and in exchange give him a piece of paper that says that they have his silver coins worth X amount of silver coins. Now instead of getting a broken back, the tusk merchant can use the piece of paper to pay for fish and clothes and other goods. The merchant has received *a promise* from the central bank that is worth X amount of silver coins and can now pay his bills with that promise by the central bank.

How does this relate to the modern world? Well, our tusk merchant is a country and the central bank is an organisation like the ECB or the Federal Reserve. When countries were still on the gold standard, their gold reserves were the tusk merchant's silver coins and governments could only issue the same worth of promises as they had gold. This is what was called the *Gold Standard*. Now, as a matter of detail, these *promises* were issued in smaller denominations as a matter of convenience. No state can do the spending of their citizens for them, so instead of earning in the state's name, people got Dollars or Euros. Things changed when states went off of the Gold Standard. The promise vanished, giving central banks open season to print as much money as they wanted.

And here's my problem: What is the promise based on, if money is not issued based on real worth? (A country's worth in gold.) Our modern money infrastructure is sustained because businesses and government are so used to conducting their affairs with Dollars, Euros, and other *"fiat"* currencies. We use these currencies based on *consensus*, not on actual backing by a real scarce entity. Many things have value because of their scarcity: gold, silver, diamonds, etc. But modern *"fiat"* currency doesn't have this trait. Central banks can print the stuff like it is confetti. Enter crypto currency.

## What is crypto currency anyway?

In the realm of the digital it is difficult to create scarcity. Everything is easily reproducable and can be copied a thousandfold. Enter the blockchain. Many do not understand the blockchain. Let me attempt to explain it. You know how you can upload your picture to Instagram and everyone can see it? This is because it is stored in a so-called *database*. Now this database is a file somewhere on a server (a big computer), which saves your picture somewhere on that server and adds a new entry to the database file, saying that you uploaded this picture and where that picture is stored. Now anyone could technically manipulate this database file if the server is not secured properly. The target is one server somewhere belonging to Instagram. The blockchain is something like this database file on Instagram's server, except for two key differences. The first one is that the database file is split into many different little pieces distributed among many, many servers, which are basically an army of computers. The second key difference is that every single time information is added to this distributed database, this piece of information is given a unique identification number, called a hash, and added to the distributed database. This hash is generated by reading and analyzing the previous bits of information that exist in the distributed database. Hence this database is called a *blockchain* because each new entry, or block, is built on top of the previous blocks. This means several things: First, any hackers cannot manipulate the blockchain easily, because they would have to modify each previous entry in this distributed database. This is assuming that any malicious party can gain access to all computers involved in the blockchain at the same time. Secondly, each block is unique because it has a certain unique ID and place in this distributed database.

## Crypto (currency)!

Now Bitcoin and Ethereum are both built on these distributed databases and thus only a certain amount of so-called crypto tokens are in circulation at any given time. Since these tokens can be said to be scarce and thus represent intrinsic value, they have become a viable alternative to many people. Considering that paper money is based on an empty promise, these new currencies present a viable alternative. Crypto currency represents a scarce entity, fine. But what other advantages are there? When transactions are conducted with paper money, they often take days and weeks to arrive, sometimes even months. Then there are also service fees which the banks take away from your hard-earned cash. Finally, each transaction you conduct and how and where you spend your money can be tracked. Any government agency can track your payments if they follow the bread crumbs. This is where crypto promises some leeway.

When A wants to send some tokens to B, we do not see "A sent X amount to B". All we see is one so-called crypto address consisting of 16-character-long gibberish sending an amount of crypto tokens to another similar address. These transfers are meant to be easy, free, and fast. The reality of this, however, is different and here I come to why the idea is great but the implementation is not so great: When conducting any transaction on the blockchain a so-called "gas fee" has to be paid. This fee is usually a small percentage of the amount to be sent. This *"gas"* is used to reward anyone who makes the new entry on the chain. How high this fee is usually depends on how many people are using that token's blockchain and how fast the transaction should be processed. Another thing I find ridiculous: The price of many of these tokens loose and gain value in quite an unpredictable way. If you are an investor or private person trying to plan your future based on how much you will make from investing in these crypto tokens, you can only make vague predictions, nothing concretised.

So, again, *yes*, the idea of crypto is great, but the implementation needs some adjusting. I hope I didn't bore you to death with this article, but hey, you made it this far! On to some last words...

## Last words

I sometimes have these flashes of brilliance and do not often write about such things but our culture and society has reached a level of being disgusting that is unprecedented and now is the time to muse, think, and maybe overhaul the structures that have been in place, not by violence, but by critical thinking and reflection. If you liked this article, stay tuned and follow my [Twitter](https://twitter.com/angeldustduke). If you want to support me and send my some Ethereum tokens, you can do that by copying the address on this link: [My address](0x5d7551C484bCd8769c57B4921a3FC80193b74Ce3)
